---
slug: good-bad
title: Good Bad
authors: [ed]
tags: []
---


It’s the ol’ good news/bad news routine around here this week. We all know the rules on what comes first. 

The good news is that I’m getting stronger and gaining weight - Almost up to 150lbs. Even though I’ve only put on about 10 lbs since my release, it seems to be the 10 lbs that separates ‘sickly’ from ‘ehh - probably a distance runner’. 

<!-- truncate --> 

The bad news is that I had an appointment with the surgeon this week. Here’s the relevant part of the (2 hours late and 6 minutes in length) conversation, when I asked about when my body would be ready for the next operation: 

 

Me: Timeframe?

Dr: I’m thinking summer. 

Me. That’s… That’s hard to hear. 

 

Still trying to get over the shock of going without really eating for what will be just about a full year. Our expectations were more along the lines of January/February. He confirmed my assumption that the fistula was unlikely to heal on its own. He also said if the wound around it healed faster we could look at earlier dates. My next appt isn’t until January. Maybe I can surprise him with a healed wound by then. If you’ve got some Lourdes water, send it on over.

Struggling to determine how to deal with my limitations. Some things I enjoy greatly are off the table - e.g soccer/basketball/cardio, motorcycle riding, eating out, international travel. Looks like it’ll be late summer of 2023 before any of those become possible again.  

Other things are do-able with restrictions or modifications. Going to a bar is possible, but I can’t really drink more than a single drink or so, and my TPN schedule usually requires that I’m home from 8PM to 8AM. 

I can eat whatever I want, as long as I spit it out. Mildly to solidly revolting, depending on food - So eating (among other things) is best left as a solo activity.

Luckily, I’ve a thousand hobbies. I can still work, cook, weld, sew, play guitar, write, fix stuff, audit the contents of the internet… Too many hobbies, really. Trying to evaluate if I have the initiative to take this time and apply some extra focus to one or two things. As it stands - No answer - Try again later.

Anyway, that’s the update. Looks like Kat and her late June guess is the only person with even an outside shot of winning the free pizza. 


~Ed