---
slug: where-i-am
title: Where I Am
authors: [ed]
tags: []
---

An update to where I am and how I got here. 
 
I'm currently still at Duke Hospital, but I am out of the ICU. Today is my 7th day at the hospital, and my 8th day since consuming any solid food. The procedure was supposed to be laparoscopic and robotic, meaning small holes, little scarring, and a 2-3 day hospital stay. 

<!-- truncate --> 

Leading up to the surgery, I had to do some things that were very similar to the colonoscopy prep steps that each and every one of you over 45 should be personally experienced with. Namely, chugging 2 big jugs of liquid in a short time frame, and having a rough night crapping most of that out. 
 
My prep didn't go as expected, as I still put brown stool into the toilet on Friday morning. Re-checked my meds to make sure I had followed the right steps. I mentioned this to the doctor, but he said things didn't have to be perfect, as we weren't doing a colonoscopy. I felt bloated and nervous, but didn't really think thru the situation and was comforted by his assurance that it was probably fine. 
 
As I understand it, during the surgery, the missing 2 liters of Gatorade and Miralax were found when they emptied into the surgical field. The time for small holes was over. It went immediately to an open surgery. I got an eight inch gash down the middle of my belly, and they irrigated 10 liters of sterile fluid into the abdomen, hoping to flush the shit out. (Note: the term 'shit' is literal in this instance) They removed the damaged part of my rectum and tried sewing things back up. 
 
I came to and heard some of this - It's all pretty foggy. Then by 9PM they were saying that there was already a leak at the site, and they had to go in to try to fix it pretty much now and could I sign this. Also, the odds that they'd be able to fix it were slim, and that I'd probably wake up with a permanent colostomy.
 
Coming to the 2nd time at who knows what AM, I kept asking people what the status was, if it was a permanent ostomy or what. No one was giving me straight answers. I think it was Karen that finally let me know. 
 
So all told, I was in surgery for ~14-16 hours on Friday into Saturday AM. Then into the surgery ICU for a couple days, then stabilized enough to move into a regular post surgical ward, where I sit now. Still no predicted departure date, although today my ostomy produced 350ml of stool, which means the connection from stomach to endpoint is working at least a little. 
 
Belly is swollen. As thirsty as I have ever been in all my life. No sleep more than 2 hours at a stretch. Dreams so realistic and chilling that nursing got involved. Itchy. NG tube down my nose into my throat. Hurts to talk. Etc.
 
Maybe one so-so nurse. Lots of great nurses. A few greater than great nurses. I now love nurses.
 
So I'm still in the hospital, things are improving day by day. From now on, I'll be as likely to shit my shirts as my shorts. Mentally I'm OK - More traumatized by the length and conditions of this hospital stay than its aftereffects. 
 
When I do get out, I will kill for a 'Pretty Princess' Pelican SnoBall and tall ice cold glasses of water in quantity.  
 
OK, that's all I can sit up and type for now. I know Karen has been updating some folks, but I wanted to put something out on this channel so people can talk to her about something else. Karen, of course, has been wonderful and useful and supportive throughout. She knows how much I love her, and I think y'all do as well. 
 
Until I get out of here - 
~Ed